Title- Crypto Notifier 

Team- Ben, Silvano, Tracie. 

Description- An application that will alert the user via text message to large swings in the prices of popular cryptocurrencies (possible visual component, link to plots etc…)

Maybe the user can set inputs for how large of a price change will trigger a text.
Maybe some regularly scheduled text updates? (daily)

Research Questions- Which API to use?

How to run a program that uses ‘live’ updates. - pd.timestamp of now 
	
Top 5 most popular coins? BTC, ETH, ADA, XRP, SOL (potentially add api-coinmarketcap to pick top 5)

Libraries needed. (Voila, Twilio?, hvplots, pandas, fire and questionary) 

User Interface

Select which currency from list of top x currencies or entered currency

Select the parameters like when a price drops or raises by x percent 

Would have to include try/catch blocks for user input

Would need str.upper(), maybe even max length,  


Cryptocurrency notifier

Sends text to a user inputted phone number - twillio

Maybe - allows user to update phone number, 


Other parameters, features

Graph send - of overlay of selected tickers

Different metrics to possibly include: risk, predicted cumulative returns if investing now


Cryptocurrency data repo

Different SDK than Alpaca - Yahoo Finance, Google Finance, Coinbase, other

Pulls data immediately / every x minutes/hours when software up and running
Would need every input to be a parameter


Data Sets- Data from API, price, time, daily % change, Spot in the top X?, 


Rough Tasks- 

Import Data(Alpaca API)
Clean Data(What data do we need and not need?) 
Maybe user sets parameters, %change etc…
Analyze Data
Visualize Data
Send Data to User

Detailed README, with examples. 

MVP 
User enters phone number
Allow user to pick from top 5 cryptocurrencies
Texts user crypto, price and percent change

Pull data from about a year to define what a huge swing is, average swing prices

put user about two weeks ago and notify if there was a date where a big price change happened
